Deck Changes

1. Change font to sans serif
2. Slide 3 is too wordy, should be made cleaner
	only include the question, have the answer and other words prepared
		have the question and answer be after the "problems for gyms area"
	move the part about digital aggregators to a different slide
5-6. The whole problems section can probably be reduced down
8-11. The solutions section can also probably be 2 slides max
11. too busy, keep to only a few icons


keep a gradient header for all slides



more creative, soften and lighten everything up and make more fluid

not sure I love the fonts

screenshots should be sleek

both quotes from slide 2

get more creative, less powerpointy

slide 10




second thing he wants:
put together 
hes gonna send a deck back w/ comments and changes
hes gonna send pdf of something diiferent that he wants
he wants to work through everything on the deck
1 pager w/ content from stuff on the deck
benefits one pager
	benefits to customers on one side, to gyms on the other

wants deck to read as a story

logo top left, citations bottom left, pg # btm right, crumbs top right
	crumbs: 3 circles, section in the deck
	opportunity- whats the problem
	solution
	business


header on top of each slide






4/9

break into batches of 200

send all of the invoices, he'll catch up every few days

new colors

a lot of colors and backgrounds

more consistency

white background out of place

2789, 12, 17, love

bottom color is black

create a couple drafts of different layout options consistent across all slides

second tab, year by year, want tab 1

for the table, find some kind of middle ground between how it is and what il be dong with 16

quick one pages, build same way as another document he will send me




thoughts on length

one pager: 

admin panel checking someone out and the timer





4/13


barbell thats not that obtrusive for now

content heavy needs white or other colors

now I have the branding

play around with split screens and see what looks best

heavy on content on one side

likes on black better, but some slides look better with white


content in the deck is slowly improiving, like the general story

busy 4-6 then avail after


app screens and customer




11 slide changes





1 not wrapping, make sure werever whenever amtches guyide

2 seperate for problems, but the wheel for solutions

for solutions, in the middle, put the system, for now drop in the logo

5 deleted

go with 7 

go with 12

go with 14

for 20, go with consumers on the left and gyms on the right


21, make 2 options with a single cicle thing, and one with both on the same slide

25 affliliate market and search engine marketing to middle tier, 

middle, social media, right influencer, left search engine, email far left

affliliate, search engien, social media, influencer, email


priority:

digital pr  (top)

search engine, social media, influener, 

email, affliiate, partnerhsips, offline

21: parenthesis, TAM, SAM, SOM

20, try before buy last

flexit caps everywhere

option for 30 with colors

go with 31

30 with the lighter gray to make evreythign the lighter gray

37

breadcrumbs smaller more to the rights

website, all black, no watermark

subscribe box, one line for launch


Some content here could really help with the layout.
Ie. FLEXIT P&L which means x about y (left). FLEXIT FYE for June 2018 through 2023 (above).



goign with 14


17, make sure the side margins are properly aligned
 breakj even between years 2 and 3. cash flow positive in year two

18, page number overlapping, change deal terms. ALWAYS want to keep deal terms the way they are, left side of the page sould say:

get rid of valuation and discount, gert rid of runway, where it says raise get rid of SAFE, then leave a paragraph under:

FLEXIT is seeking funding to support the growth of its business. FLEXIt needs 100K to launch this summer, and up to an additional 400K for its firt 12 months of opertaions. 

get rid of team slide.

screenshots should have the other FLEXIT.

delete 10 11 12

slide 8 move consumers to left gyms to right.

excel, revenue, beginig to ending, or 98 to 101,

then under, put USER break 110-113 120-123



send one invoice today

send in the mornings

quick list to come



EOD one without team and current investment details

1. powerpoint deck safe note terms team page with 3 people and pdf of that

2. PPT and PDF of deck with just him and michael, and the paragraph

- icons

- finding out exactly which screens he wants

- one pager

- more polished bios and headshot for batista

- content for slide called business model, before by the numbers, lists out different revenue streams

- one more slide in after the customer journey, title something like the system/ the technology, wants to show that hes making more than just an app, wants to show the phone with the screen, tablet with QR code, admin panel on a computer, maybe puting a fake front desk

- in terms of screens, exact for user app and exact for admin panel

- and then hes going to give me the numbers for the two wheel page

- mayebe a slide for the system between joureny and bullets, then a smaller system inside the circle

- send over the font


end of the weekend, icons, updated screens, one pages, update screens in ppt, system slide, maybe business model slide. 


rojas loved deck

app screens

one pager, some of the screens to create the system slide

for one pager for screens

map screen with red pins

specific gym pge showing that a gym has a pool, spin classes and yoga

gyms per minute rate, probably the same as the last screen

maybe try using lifetime fitness, maybe use retro fitness because the best friend is hooked up

sleek photo

third app screen would be a way to filter by distance features, rate, etc.

want to look really good because should be a sales tool

want to show ipad? waiting for response
admin portal

show a list, from video, show a list of the total users per week or month with their data siaplysed, name adewwss phone, email, contact, time in club, number of visits

also wants a macro screens that shows the total number of flexit users during any given period, total unique and total returning visits, minutes used, average minutes per user, revenue generated. also might make sense to show a screen of time in club that highlights that, ie all user above 45 minutes in one color, another color for users under 45 minutes


one other screen that he would like me to put together, main screen should be here is a profile picture with your name, how long youve been in the gym, and a checkout button. 


see hos in the gym, how long theyve been their, check them out


last thing that related to one pages, bullets and subbullets, he likes that, and he wants the document to look as polished and modern as possible, one more thing, besides the app and panel screens, the only other color should be the logo


hes going to send me the one pager to be working off of, 

as far as deck, reappropriate the screens for deck, system slides, ipad will be qr code, pick an app screen and a panel slide

deck:

hes sending back a version from the him and rojas, deal terms paragraph, and added a slide that adds batista and his bio. they need to be reformatted, but I have all of the placeholder content. basically what he wants to be able to do is use the 2 or 3 person


to make it easy keep it with both team slides and both investment details slides

still needs icons

platform slide goes between 7 and 8

still working on gym wheel numbers,

changesd verbage on slide 7, bold, all caps, take a peek

added slide 10

batista designs, make more cohesive'

slide 13, added word gyms from bottom riight box, make sure we add those in
also line that says gyms signs up, get rid of that, just say gyms on flexit

in the video, the design and look is very bad, but the content may have been inspiring
